# BenBen's Story #

Before you read the whole story, I want to say that it is bull shit so don't be too serious. Just feel relaxed and you will be entertained from what I will tell you from now on.

As I have known for not a long time, there is a small pig named BenBen, who thinks he is not smart so he gives him a name BenBen, in which ben is a word derived from Chinese that means foolish. However, whether he is clever or instead really very stupid, I am not sure because I am not BenBen so I will have no idea about it. Hey, what about you, what do you think of? Whether you know it or not, you will see if BenBen is clever after you finish reading the story. Otherwise, you are an idiot without doubt.

BenBen pursues his study in a small town with dogs, cats and other animals, like human (I am, coincidently someone call me BenBen too, but I don't have any connection with this little pig). He works really hard and he is definitely one of the most diligent pigs in the world because he is not fat at all compared with his relatives and classmates, they usually eat too much and do nothing at all except play all day round. Totally different from them, BenBen gets up early to read books that are written in the language that only pigs could comprehend. But it is said that some human beings could understand them easily because they think they are one of the smartest species on the planet. But I don't think so, may be they are just a little bit smarter than ordinary pigs. Unfortunately, some smart pigs also exist, to the extent that most human beings seem rather stupid if they stand besides these pigs. To be short, BenBen has an idea that he is not smart so he works hard to compensate it.

BenBen's dream is to become a big cow though he is currently a small pig without some strength enough to survive the tough world and he is too shy to talk to beautiful pigs whom he really want to acquaint with. We call this situation "mensao" (闷骚, literally dull and sultry) in Chinese. There are so many times I see him giggling like an idiot and as he describes to me afterward, he just feels like a little deer runs in his mind for a long time but he has no courage to chat with these pigs elegantly and gently. He hates himself a lot for doing nothing every time he encounters a good-looking pig and blames himself a lot but he really doesn't know what and how he could handle the difficulty. In short, he is not good at it. So, he wants to be a big cow. In his mind, a big cow is somebody who is good at handling with many things, for example, beautiful pigs.

OK, today's bull shit is enough and it's time for supper. Besides, I am hungry. To be continued....